Because not everyone is comfortable with GitHub and
downloading source code that way,
I'm going to first talk about that you can now download all of
the exercise files right from Pluralsight.
Pluralsight subscriptions now include access to everyone that was
previously only available to premium subscribers.
You can download the exercise files by visiting the page for this
curse and clicking the link for Exercise files.
Setup instructions are included in the download and
you won't need to work with GitHub.
But if you prefer GitHub and want to track your own
changes as you go through it,
I will show you an alternative and download the course with GitHub
if you're already comfortable with that approach and possibly want
to go through tracking your own revisions as you go through the changes of this course.